yes and you will be sailing along with a
song in your heart on waves of happiness
as Doris and Gordon take you back to
those wonderful days when folks were
learning the drizzly bear the bunny hug
the turkey trot and the fella felt more
like an animal trainer than a dancer the
nation went collegiate and the poor
raccoon went 5 beta Koda sweethearts got
their music from a you instead of a juke
box that is and the songs were singer
the boys were singer and the girls
mmm-hmm were clingy er in all fairness
I've got to tell you something what I
don't believe in marriage well I just
asked you in for a glass of buttermilk I
didn't want to drink it under false
pretenses all she knows about men is
their batting averages in case you're
interested this one's batting a thousand
all the fellas are interested in is
playing football and baseball and women
and singing songs like we were saving
Oh
love you honey love you honey
Christmas can't you hear the church
bells ring back up it's in your bag and
smile smile
Oh